docs: Mention static pods in the security guidance around api access (#1766)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: SECURITY_GUIDANCE.md

Write access to this socket will grant full control over system configuration.
This includes the ability to define an arbitrary source for a host container, and to run that container with "superpowers" that bypass other restrictions.
These "superpowers" are described [below](#limit-use-of-host-containers).

> It also includes the ability to define and run static pods, which are managed directly by `kubelet` and are not subject to admission controllers that enforce security policies for the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For Kubernetes variants, it also includes the ability to define and run static pods. These are managed directly by `kubelet` and are not subject to admission controllers that enforce security policies for the cluster.
```
